docs: provide documentation for Talos 1.6 (#8071)
siderolabs/talos: website/content/v1.6/introduction/troubleshooting.md

## System Requirements

If minimum [system requirements]({{< relref "./system-requirements" >}}) are not met, this might manifest itself in various ways, such as random failures to start services, or to pull images from the container registry.

## Running Health Checks

Talos Linux provides a set of basic health checks with `talosctl health` command which can be used to check the health of the cluster.

In the default mode, `talosctl health` uses information from the [discovery]({{< relref "../talos-guides/discovery" >}}) to get the information about cluster members.
This can be overridden with command line flags `--control-plane-nodes` and `--worker-nodes`.

## Gathering Logs

While the logs and state of the system can be queried with Talos API, it is often useful to gather the logs from all nodes in the cluster, and analyze them offline.
The `talosctl support` command can be used to gather logs and other information from the nodes specified with `--nodes` flag (multiple nodes are supported).

## Discovery and Cluster Membership

Talos Linux uses [Discovery Service]({{< relref "../talos-guides/discovery" >}}) to discover other nodes in the cluster.

> The list of members on each machine should be consistent: `talosctl -n IP get members`.

Author: I thought about dropping `<>`, as they might be more confusing I think... but let's be consistent and use them for now

172.20.0.2   controlplane   Manifest   05-https://docs.projectcalico.org/manifests/calico.yaml   1
172.20.0.2   controlplane   Manifest   10-kube-proxy                    1
172.20.0.2   controlplane   Manifest   11-core-dns                      1
172.20.0.2   controlplane   Manifest   11-core-dns-svc                  1
172.20.0.2   controlplane   Manifest   11-kube-config-in-cluster        1
```

Details of each manifest can be queried by adding `-o yaml`:

```bash
$ talosctl -n <IP> get manifests 01-csr-approver-role-binding --namespace=controlplane -o yaml
node: 172.20.0.2
metadata:
    namespace: controlplane
    type: Manifests.kubernetes.talos.dev
    id: 01-csr-approver-role-binding
    version: 1
    phase: running
spec:
    - apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
      kind: ClusterRoleBinding
      metadata:
        name: system-bootstrap-approve-node-client-csr
      roleRef:
        apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
        kind: ClusterRole
        name: system:certificates.k8s.io:certificatesigningrequests:nodeclient
      subjects:
        - apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
          kind: Group
          name: system:bootstrappers
```

> ### Other Controlplane Components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Other Control Plane Components
```

> Once the Kubernetes API server is up, other controlplane components issues can be troubleshooted with `kubectl`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the Kubernetes API server is up, other control plane components issues can be troubleshooted with `kubectl`:
```

```shell
kubectl get nodes -o wide
kubectl get pods -o wide --all-namespaces
kubectl describe pod -n NAMESPACE POD
kubectl logs -n NAMESPACE POD
```

## Kubernetes API

> The Kubernetes API client configuration (`kubeconfig`) can be retrieved using Talos API with `talosctl -n IP kubeconfig` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes API client configuration (`kubeconfig`) can be retrieved using Talos API with `talosctl -n <IP> kubeconfig` command.
```

> Talos Linux most of the time doesn't depend on the Kubernetes API endpoint for cluster, but Kubernetes API endpoint should be configured

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Talos Linux mostly doesn't depend on the Kubernetes API endpoint for the cluster, but Kubernetes API endpoint should be configured
```
